README.md, before:

# Axis Standalone UI

Monorepo for Axis Standalone UI using [turbo](https://turbo.build/repo)

This app is designed for projects looking to host and manage their Token Generation Event (TGE) with minimal configuration. It provides seamless integration of Axis Protocol contracts through ready-to-use hooks and UI components, enabling full ownership and control over the TGE process.

## App Configuration

- add your Token Address, Chain id and other optional metadata to `./app-config.ts`

## Dev Setup

- run `pnpm install` to install dependencies for all packages
- Setup `.env` on dapp repo
- run `pnpm dev --filter=dapp`

### Other Useful Commands

- `pnpm build` - Build all packages
- `pnpm dev` - Run all packages locally
- `pnpm dev --filter=<project_name>` - Run a specific package locally
- `pnpm storybook` - Runs storybook locally
- `pnpm lint` - Lint all packages
- `pnpm format` - Format all packages
- `pnpm clean` - Clean up all `node_modules` and `dist` folders (runs each package's clean script)

## Apps & Packages

This Turborepo includes the following packages and applications:

- `apps/dapp`: Decentralized App to interact with Axis contracts
- `packages/ui`: Primitive React components built using [shadcn](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
- `packages/brand-assets`: Brand images and fonts
- `config/tailwind-config`: Shared TailwindCSS configs
- `config/typescript-config`: Shared `tsconfig.json`s used throughout the Turborepo
- `config/eslint-config`: ESLint preset

Commit message:

add support for overriding an metadata server allowlist with local file

README.md, after:

# Axis Standalone UI

Monorepo for Axis Standalone UI using [turbo](https://turbo.build/repo)

This app is designed for projects looking to host and manage their Token Generation Event (TGE) with minimal configuration. It provides seamless integration of Axis Protocol contracts through ready-to-use hooks and UI components, enabling full ownership and control over the TGE process.

## App Configuration

- add your Token Address, Chain id and other optional metadata to `./app-config.ts`
- [OPTIONAL] Overriding Allowlists: check `apps/dapp/src/allowlist/README.md` for how-to

## Dev Setup

- run `pnpm install` to install dependencies for all packages
- Setup `.env` on dapp repo
- run `pnpm dev --filter=dapp`

### Other Useful Commands

- `pnpm build` - Build all packages
- `pnpm dev` - Run all packages locally
- `pnpm dev --filter=<project_name>` - Run a specific package locally
- `pnpm storybook` - Runs storybook locally
- `pnpm lint` - Lint all packages
- `pnpm format` - Format all packages
- `pnpm clean` - Clean up all `node_modules` and `dist` folders (runs each package's clean script)

## Apps & Packages

This Turborepo includes the following packages and applications:

- `apps/dapp`: Decentralized App to interact with Axis contracts
- `packages/ui`: Primitive React components built using [shadcn](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
- `packages/brand-assets`: Brand images and fonts
- `config/tailwind-config`: Shared TailwindCSS configs
- `config/typescript-config`: Shared `tsconfig.json`s used throughout the Turborepo
- `config/eslint-config`: ESLint preset
